Why, hello there! You must be the new hire, here for training. 

My name is Jade. Nice to meet you!

Welcome to your first day at Gilette's Children's Hospital. We're really happy to have you.

First things first, let's get you used to working with this training program.

Hovering over key items will highlight them. Clicking on one will add it to your inventory, over on the right side of the screen.

A key item is about to pop up. Try clicking on it!

--
Well done! Key items like that can be found all around the hospital, in the form of different tools used by hospital personel.

As a healthcare provider, yourself, you'll need to know where they are and what they do. 

Don't worry, I'm here to teach you all about them, as well as the layout of the hospital. 

I'll have you go around the hospital to find me some key items. I'm thinking one from each room. 

We'll go wing by wing, so you know where things are in relation to each other.

But before we get to that, let's practice navigating around rooms. 

Clicking on things like doors and arrows will take you from area to area, and some objects in the environment can be approached by clicking on them. 

Doors, arrows, and approachable objects will all highlight when you hover over them.

As an example, why don't you approach the check-in desk back there?
--

Awesome! Now let's put it all together.

Kai, back at the check-in desk, just set down a patient's chart. Would you please go get it for me?

A silhouette of the item you're looking for will appear on the right side of the screen, where your inventory is. 

Referencing the silhouette can give you a hint towards your task, or come visit me again if you need a full reminder. 

--
Great, this is just what I needed! And now you know how to navigate around this training simulator.

Let's start exploring the halls. The first hall we'll explore is the clinic hall, where we perform our non-invasive proceedures. 

For your first task, I'd like you to go to the audiology lab and pick up some hearing aids.

The audiology lab is where we test and treat any ailments related to our patients' hearing.

The hallway that leads to the audiology lab, the infusion room, and the outpatient clinic is just to the right of the check-in desk. 

From there, audiology lab is the second door on the right. 

If you're lost, check the map in the top right corner of your screen. You got this!
--
Fantastic! Next, I need you to grab an IV stand from the infusion center.

The infusion center is where patients go to recieve medicines that have to be administered intravenously. This process is known as infusion therapy. 

The infusion center is in the same hall as the audiology lab and outpatient clinic, first door on the right.
--
Wonderful! The last room in the clinic hall that I'll have you explore is the outpatient clinic itself.

The clinic is where patients go to get care for more minor ailments, ones which don't require an overnight stay.

The rooms of the outpatient clinic are across the hallway from the audiology and infusion rooms. 

This is probably the busiest area of the hospital. We have multiple rooms so we can treat multiple patients at once. 

No one's using the first clinic room on the left. Would you please bring me a crash cart from there?
