Alright, you’ve got the outpatient wing down, now let’s focus on the inpatient wing over in the east hall.
Inpatient facilities are for patients whose treatment is ongoing, or who will need to stay overnight or longer. Usually, their ailments are more serious than the ones you’ll see in outpatient. 
The inpatient wing has quite a few rooms, each with different specialties. We’re going to explore the wing in two parts: first the nearer rooms, then the farther rooms. 
The first place I’ll send you to is the rehabilitation unit, where I need you to pick me up a wheelchair. 
The rehab unit is used to help patients recover from illnesses, injuries, and surgeries that have left them disabled. Rehab treatments often include physical or occupational therapy to help patients re-develop key motor functions. 
The hall to the rehab unit, assistive technology unit, and PICU is just to your right. The room itself will be on your left. 

Well done! Now, from the neuroscience unit in the farther part of the wing, I’m going to need the chart with the results of a patient’s recent MRI. 
The neuroscience unit handles ailments related to a patient’s brain, spinal cord, nerves, and muscles. 
It’s a straight shot to the neuro unit: go through the inpatient wing, down to the very end. The neuro unit will be right in front of you.

Great job! Looks like you’ve really got your head in the game. Ay, bazinga! You’re on fire today, Jade.
Next up, I’ll need an X-Ray from the imaging room. 
Imaging refers to the practice of using different technologies to see into a patient’s body without invasive procedures. MRIs, like the kind used to record these results here, is one such technology. 
The imaging room is right to the left of the check-in desk.

Thank you for the X-Ray. You’re doing great! Lastly, I’d like you to go down to the Gateway Plaza and find me a patient’s crutches. 
The Gateway Plaza is unique to Gillette. It’s not a medical center, like the other rooms you’ve visited; the Gateway Plaza is an open-air play space connected to our parking facilities. This provides a safe, fun, and convenient place to welcome our patients to the hospital.
One of our patients was having so much fun on the playground that when their parents came to pick them up, they forgot to take their crutches with them. 
To get to the Gateway Plaza, go left from the check-in desk, through the skywalk, then the plaza will be on your left. 

Wonderful, I’m sure the patient will be really happy to have these back. 
And at the end of the day, that’s what this is all about, right? 
Gillette Children’s Hospital is committed to the wellbeing and happiness of our patients. The work you do here will directly contribute to that goal.
You will be touching the lives of hundreds, maybe thousands of kids, helping them and their families through some of the hardest experiences a person can go through. It’s the sort of thing heroes do. 
Thank you for completing this digital training course. We’re really happy to have you on the team. 
